feat: Support unnamed `re_path` URL groups in Path component (#757)
wemake-services/django-modern-rest: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

- Added support for unnamed `re_path` URL groups in the `Path` component.
  When `request.args` is present, the component returns `(args, kwargs)` as

>   a tuple so users can validate both via `pydantic.RootModel`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a tuple so users can validate both, #757
```
